Hi, I will provide you with a detail description of resume format and your job is to use this format alongside the information about me, I will also give you this information through a sample resume. You will use the format, and the sample resume as a source of information, and the job ad to create a resume for me. The format consists of detailed description about the locations of information and the construction of the sentences and word choices. make sure to pay attention to following the description, treat them as the rules of building resumes. Only print the resume, this is important, I dont want extra information.I will copy and paste the output as is, so make sure you follow the format exactly and only print the resume.
[Full Name]
[Address]
[Phone Number] ● [Email Address] ● [LinkedIn Profile]

[Professional Summary]
[Insert a brief statement that highlights my key skills, strengths, and accomplishments. Always start with something Computer Science Student. This summary should be tailored to the position I'm applying for and should capture the attention of the reader. do not include common key points mentioned in the job description such as communication, critical thinking, problem solving or Attention to Detail and etc]

[Core Competencies]
[List 5-7 key skills and competencies that are relevant to the position I'm applying for. These should be specific to the job requirements and should demonstrate my ability to succeed in the role. This should also be tuned to the job. do not include common key points mentioned in the job description such as communication, critical thinking, problem solving or Attention to Detail and etc. Do a 60 40 rule on the choice between my original resume and the tuned version resume in that order. ]

[Work Experience]
[Company Name], [City, State]
[Job Title], [Employment Dates]
[Insert a brief description of my role and responsibilities, highlighting my key accomplishments and contributions to the company. Use bullet points to make it easy to read and scan.]

[Company Name], [City, State]
[Job Title], [Employment Dates]
[Insert a brief description of my role and responsibilities, highlighting my key accomplishments and contributions to the company. Use bullet points to make it easy to read and scan.]

[Education]
[Degree], [Institution Name], [Graduation Date]
[Additional relevant coursework or certifications]

[Technical Skills]
[List any relevant technical skills or software programs that im proficient in. This should be tailored to the position im applying for. do not include common key points mentioned in the job description such as communication, critical thinking, problem solving]

use this list of verbs when appropriate,
accomplished, consolidated, explained, maintained remodeled, achieved, contained,extracted ,managed ,repaired ,acted ,contracted ,fabricated ,marketed ,represented,adapted ,contributed,facilitated ,mediated ,researched,addressed ,controlled ,familiarized,moderated ,restored ,administered,coordinated ,fashioned ,monitored ,restructured,advanced ,corresponded,focused ,motivated, retrieved ,advised ,counseled, forecast ,negotiated,revitalized,allocated ,created ,formulated,operated ,saved ,analyzed, critiqued,founded ,organized, scheduled ,appraised ,cut ,generated, originated ,schooled ,approved ,decreased ,guided ,overhauled, screened ,arranged ,delegated ,headed up ,Oversaw ,sct ,assembled,demonstrated ,identified ,performed ,shaped ,assigned, designed ,illustrated, persuaded ,solidified ,attained ,devised ,improved ,prepared ,specified ,audited ,diagnosed, increased ,presented ,stimulated ,authored ,directed ,indoctrinated,prioritized ,streamlined ,automated , dispatched ,influenced ,processed ,strengthened,balanced ,distinguished,informed ,produced ,summarized,budgeted ,diversified, initiated ,programmed ,supervised ,built ,drafted, innovated ,projected ,surveyed ,calculated,edited ,inspected, promoted ,systemized,catalogued ,educated ,installed ,provided ,tabulated ,chaired ,eliminated, instigated ,publicized ,taught ,clarified, enabled ,instituted, published ,trained ,classified, encouraged ,instructed ,purchased ,translated ,coached ,engineered, integrated ,recommended ,traveled ,collected ,enlisted ,interpreted, reconciled ,trimmed ,compiled ,established ,interviewed ,recorded ,upgraded ,completed ,evaluated ,introduced ,recruited ,validated ,composed ,cxamined ,invented ,reduced ,worked ,computed, executed ,launched ,referred ,Wrote ,conceptualized expanded ,lectured, regulated ,conducted ,cxpedited ,led ,rehabilitated
My Current Resume:
Sina Naeemi
Irvine, CA ● (949) 652-1615 ● naeemi0sina@gmail.com ● linkedin.com/in/sina-naeemi-74a3581b8/ ● github.com/sina85

Professional Summary:
Diligent Computer Science Student with 1 year of experience, specializing in network and infrastructure design with a security focus. Adept at developing security measures, conducting assessments, and designing secure network solutions. Proven ability to work independently and prioritize tasks to achieve objectives.

Core Competencies:

Security Assessments and Pen Testing
Technical Troubleshooting
Compliance and Risk Management
Network Infrastructure Design
Incident Response and Mitigation

Work Experience:
CCS Global Tech, Irvine, CA
Security Engineering Intern, December 2018 - June 2019

Accomplished a network security assessment using Nmap and Nessus, providing recommendations to improve security posture.
Designed monitoring services for server CPU, memory, storage, cache, and network usage with Zabbix and Grafana.
Streamlined security measures through the development of scripts and automation.
Bell Event, Irvine, CA
Network and Security Administrator, October 2017 - September 2018

Managed hardware and software issues, resolving them professionally and promptly.
Coordinated customer issue documentation and tracking using a ticketing system.
Provided technical support to customers via phone, email, and chat.
Power Direct, Irvine, CA
IT Intern, December 2016 - August 2017

Collaborated with the IT team to troubleshoot and resolve hardware, software, and network connectivity issues.
Initiated the development of automation scripts to improve IT processes and efficiency.
Contributed to the implementation of security measures, such as firewalls and network policies.
Education:
Bachelor of Computer Science, University of California, Riverside, Fall 2023 (expected)
Relevant Coursework: OS Internals and Hardening, Applied Cryptography and Security Protocols, Network Protocols and Secure Network Design, Object-Oriented Programming/Data Structures

Technical Skills:

C/C++, Python, SQL, Bash, Java
Embedded Programming, Database Systems
Linux and Windows Environments
Security Monitoring and Intrusion Detection
Git/Github/Agile Methodology
Zabbix, Grafana, Nmap, Metasploit
Cryptography, RSA/AES Implementation
Projects:

Process/synchronization/multithreading/scheduling/file system development
Hybrid file encryption software using RSA and AES to remotely encrypt and decrypt files.
Peer-to-peer messenger using openSSL in Linux with multi-threading and UDP-based protocol.
Java application executing SQL queries to load, store, and change data using a Java driver.
Windows file/network/process driver

Job Ad: